README.md, before:

# Arnold for Blender #

BtoA is an unofficial Blender add-on for Autodesk's Arnold render engine.

### Current functionality ###

![Blender scene rendered in Arnold](https://bitbucket.org/luna-digital/btoa/raw/9682a2886a11e27cdc810ea479c32f4cd4822860/examples/polygonal_geometry.jpg)

* BtoA can only send polygon objects and camera data to Arnold at the moment - no support for curves, fonts, or other data.
* There is basic support for lights, including point lights, distant lights, and spot lights. Area lights have been implemented but are buggy and need more work.
* No material support yet - everything is rendered with a basic red plastic shader for now.
* Renders show up in the Render Result view, but there is no viewport rendering yet.

We're in the early days of development, and will be updating code publicly as we make progress. We guarantee that the code you see here will always be up-to-date with what we're working on internally.

The add-on automatically detects the Arnold installation from the $ARNOLD_ROOT environment variable. If this variable is not set, you can manually set the installation location in the add-on preferences.

### How to install ###

1. Install the Arnold SDK.
2. Make sure the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable is set to the `bin` folder in the SDK.
3. Optionally, you can set the `ARNOLD_ROOT` environment variable to the root directory of your SDK installation. If you do, Blender will find Arnold automatically. If you don't, you just have to set the path in the add-on preferences.
4. Install the BtoA add-on by downloading this repo as a zip and installing in the Blender preferences.

### Getting involved ###
This add-on is developed and maintained by Aaron Powell at Luna Digital, Ltd. (aaron@lunadigital.tv). Feel free to reach out if you're interested in testing or contributing!

### Example renders ###
![Arnold light types in Blender](https://bitbucket.org/luna-digital/btoa/raw/8ca83472a8ac33bc0f9b8238c0c882b7e4828925/examples/arnold_light_types.jpg)

Commit message:

Added developer update to README

README.md, after:

# Arnold for Blender #

BtoA is an unofficial Blender add-on for Autodesk's Arnold render engine.

### Developer Update ###

Hey all! I know it's been about a week since our last code push - there are a couple of reasons for that. We were wrapping up a handful of projects at Luna Digital, so I didn't have time to work on this throughout the week. On top of that, the next big dev focus is on materials, which is no small task in itself. I've been working through setting up the custom nodes system, plus implementing a basic UI to create and edit new materials. I should hopefully be able to push something functional by mid-week (first week of Feb). Thanks for the continued support!

### Current functionality ###

![Blender scene rendered in Arnold](https://bitbucket.org/luna-digital/btoa/raw/9682a2886a11e27cdc810ea479c32f4cd4822860/examples/polygonal_geometry.jpg)

* BtoA can only send polygon objects and camera data to Arnold at the moment - no support for curves, fonts, or other data.
* There is basic support for lights, including point lights, distant lights, and spot lights. Area lights have been implemented but are buggy and need more work.
* No material support yet - everything is rendered with a basic red plastic shader for now.
* Renders show up in the Render Result view, but there is no viewport rendering yet.

We're in the early days of development, and will be updating code publicly as we make progress. We guarantee that the code you see here will always be up-to-date with what we're working on internally.

The add-on automatically detects the Arnold installation from the $ARNOLD_ROOT environment variable. If this variable is not set, you can manually set the installation location in the add-on preferences.

### How to install ###

1. Install the Arnold SDK.
2. Make sure the `LD_LIBRARY_PATH` environment variable is set to the `bin` folder in the SDK.
3. Optionally, you can set the `ARNOLD_ROOT` environment variable to the root directory of your SDK installation. If you do, Blender will find Arnold automatically. If you don't, you just have to set the path in the add-on preferences.
4. Install the BtoA add-on by downloading this repo as a zip and installing in the Blender preferences.

### Getting involved ###
This add-on is developed and maintained by Aaron Powell at Luna Digital, Ltd. (aaron@lunadigital.tv). Feel free to reach out if you're interested in testing or contributing!

### Example renders ###
![Arnold light types in Blender](https://bitbucket.org/luna-digital/btoa/raw/8ca83472a8ac33bc0f9b8238c0c882b7e4828925/examples/arnold_light_types.jpg)
