docs/README.md, before:

# Arnold for Blender

Arnold for Blender (BtoA) is a community-developed Blender add-on for the Arnold renderer, available for Windows, macOS, and Linux. [Go to the downloads page](https://github.com/lunadigital/btoa/releases).

Although we release updates a couple of times a year, you can stay up-to-date with the latest BtoA has to offer by downloading from the `dev` branch. It's usually quite stable and always has the latest features and bug fixes.

For installation instructions, [check out our setup videos on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@arnoldforblender).

## System Requirements
* Windows, macOS, Linux (RHEL 7 or compatible)
* Blender 3.0+ (we officially support LTS releases but BtoA often works on the latest release of Blender)

## Documentation & Support
We have installation and feature overview videos on our [YouTube page]((https://www.youtube.com/@arnoldforblender)) to help get you started. Don't forget to join our thriving community on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/4QYv3vMGxS) where you can ask questions, share renders, and get support from BtoA community members and developers.

Autodesk provides their own documentation for Arnold, which can be very helpful for understanding how Arnold works across applications.

- [Arnold User Guide](https://help.autodesk.com/view/ARNOL/ENU/?guid=arnold_user_guide_ac_about_arnold_html)
- [Arnold Autodesk Forum](https://forums.autodesk.com/t5/arnold/ct-p/arnold)

## Social Media
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@arnoldforblender)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/arnoldforblender/)
- BtoA website - coming soon!

## Licensing & Legal
To render with BtoA without a watermark, a license subscription must be purchased on a monthly, quarterly, or yearly basis through the [Autodesk website](https://www.autodesk.com/products/arnold/overview).

Arnold for Blender (BtoA) is developed by Luna Digital, Ltd. and the BtoA community. We are not affiliated with, or supported by, Autodesk or the Arnold development team.

Commit message:

Updates changelog and README for 0.6.0 release

docs/README.md, after:

# Arnold for Blender

Arnold for Blender (BtoA) is a community-developed Blender add-on for the Arnold renderer, available for Windows, macOS, and Linux. [Go to the downloads page](https://github.com/lunadigital/btoa/releases).

For installation instructions, [check out our YouTube tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/@arnoldforblender).

## System Requirements
* Windows, macOS, Linux (RHEL 7 or compatible)
* Blender 4.0+

BtoA targets Blender's LTS releases for stability, but BtoA often works on the latest version of Blender.

## Documentation & Support
We have installation and feature overview videos on our [YouTube page]((https://www.youtube.com/@arnoldforblender)) to help get you started. Join us on [Discord](https://discord.com/invite/4QYv3vMGxS) where you can ask questions, share renders, and get support from BtoA community members and developers.

Autodesk provides their own documentation for Arnold, which can be very helpful for understanding how Arnold works across applications.

- [Arnold User Guide](https://help.autodesk.com/view/ARNOL/ENU/?guid=arnold_user_guide_ac_about_arnold_html)
- [Arnold Autodesk Forum](https://forums.autodesk.com/t5/arnold/ct-p/arnold)

## Social Media
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@arnoldforblender)
- [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/arnoldforblender/)
- [BtoA website](https://www.arnoldforblender.com/)

## Licensing & Legal
To render with BtoA without a watermark, a license subscription must be purchased on a monthly, quarterly, or yearly basis through the [Autodesk website](https://www.autodesk.com/products/arnold/overview).

Arnold for Blender (BtoA) is developed by Luna Digital, Ltd. and the BtoA community. We are not affiliated with, or supported by, Autodesk or the Arnold development team.
